Organize `iotools` reference page by data provider (#2447)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/reference/iotools.rst

========

Functions for retrieving, reading, and writing data from a variety
of sources and file formats relevant to solar energy modeling.  See also
:ref:`weatherdata`.

.. contents:: Currently supported APIs
    :depth: 3
    :local:

> Gridded resource data
> ---------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gridded solar resource data
---------------------------
```

Modeled irradiance and meteorological data, available for large regions of
the world.

> Public datasets

Reviewer 2: You could consider adding to the description the timestep of each dataframe

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

These APIs are free to access, although some require registration.

PVGIS
*****

> Multiple gridded irradiance and weather datasets with global coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple gridded irradiance datasets and weather data with global coverage.
```

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.get_pvgis_tmy

>    iotools.read_pvgis_tmy

Reviewer 2: I guess this is more a question for @AdamRJensen: why does the description of the "read_pvgis_tmy" say "read a file downloaded from PVGIS" and does not say "read a **TMY** file downloaded from PVGIS"?

Reviewer: Fixed in #2416

Functions for retrieving, reading, and writing data from a variety
of sources and file formats relevant to solar energy modeling.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

.. contents:: Currently supported APIs
    :depth: 3
    :local:

```
Thinking out loud in case you find this relevant.

You may as well try with the default (empty) title.
https://docutils.sourceforge.io/docs/ref/rst/directives.html#table-of-contents

   iotools.get_psm3
   iotools.read_psm3
   iotools.parse_psm3

BSRN
^^^^

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.get_bsrn
   iotools.read_bsrn
   iotools.parse_bsrn

SOLRAD
^^^^^^

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.read_solrad
   iotools.get_solrad

SURFRAD
^^^^^^^

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.read_surfrad

MIDC
^^^^

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.read_midc
   iotools.read_midc_raw_data_from_nrel

SRML
^^^^

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.read_srml
   iotools.get_srml

ACIS
^^^^

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.get_acis_prism
   iotools.get_acis_nrcc
   iotools.get_acis_mpe
   iotools.get_acis_station_data
   iotools.get_acis_available_stations

CRN
^^^

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.read_crn

> Commercial datasets
> -------------------
> 
> 
> SolarAnywhere
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 
> .. autosummary::
>    :toctree: generated/
> 
>    iotools.get_solaranywhere
>    iotools.read_solaranywhere
> 
> 
> Solcast
> ^^^^^^^
> 
> .. autosummary::
>    :toctree: generated/
> 
>    iotools.get_solcast_tmy
>    iotools.get_solcast_historic
>    iotools.get_solcast_forecast
>    iotools.get_solcast_live
> 
> 
> Solargis
> ^^^^^^^^
> 
> .. autosummary::
>    :toctree: generated/
> 
>    iotools.get_solargis

Reviewer 4: Would there be any value in listing in alphabetical order within each category? Example below for Commercial datasets:

```suggestion
Commercial datasets
-------------------

SolarAnywhere
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.get_solaranywhere
   iotools.read_solaranywhere

Solargis
^^^^^^^^

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.get_solargis

Solcast
^^^^^^^

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.get_solcast_tmy
   iotools.get_solcast_historic
   iotools.get_solcast_forecast
   iotools.get_solcast_live
```

Author: I did struggle with choosing an ordering.  For the free datasets, I ordered by what I guessed would be "most useful to the most users".  I did not put any thought into the commercial dataset ordering.  

Ordering by something easy and obvious would be nice.  I'm open to switching to alphabetical (although it would be a shame to have to list the "not even solar resource" ACIS functions first...).  I would like to hear from others on this point.

   iotools.get_psm3
   iotools.read_psm3
   iotools.parse_psm3

Commercial datasets
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Accessing these APIs typically requires payment.

> SolarAnywhere

Reviewer 2: I guess I am missing here the coverage of these datasets (in the free ones, you have a sentence saying for which part of the world they have data)

   iotools.get_psm3
   iotools.read_psm3
   iotools.parse_psm3

Commercial datasets
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Accessing these APIs typically requires payment.

SolarAnywhere
*************

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.get_solaranywhere
   iotools.read_solaranywhere

Solcast
*******

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.get_solcast_tmy
   iotools.get_solcast_historic
   iotools.get_solcast_forecast
   iotools.get_solcast_live

Solargis
********

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.get_solargis

> Ground station data
> -------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ground station solar data
-------------------------
```

> Measurements from various networks of irradiance and meteorological
> ground stations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Measurements from various networks of ground stations
focusing on solar irradiance.
```

BSRN
^^^^

> A global network dedicated to high-quality monitoring of solar radiation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A global network dedicated to high-quality monitoring of solar and
long-wave radiation.
```

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.get_bsrn
   iotools.read_bsrn
   iotools.parse_bsrn

SOLRAD
^^^^^^

A solar radiation network in the USA, run by NOAA.

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.read_solrad
   iotools.get_solrad

SURFRAD
^^^^^^^

A solar radiation network in the USA, run by NOAA.

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.read_surfrad

MIDC
^^^^

A solar radiation network in the USA, run by NREL.

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.read_midc
   iotools.read_midc_raw_data_from_nrel

SRML
^^^^

> A solar radiation network in the northwest USA, run by the University of Oregon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A solar radiation network in the northwesterns USA, run by
the University of Oregon.
```

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.read_srml
   iotools.get_srml

Weather data
------------

> Meteorological datasets from a variety of modeled and measured datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meteorological data from a variety of modeled and measured datasets.
```

ACIS
^^^^

A combination of many meteorological datasets providing temperature,
precipitation, wind speed, and other weather measurements.

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.get_acis_prism
   iotools.get_acis_nrcc
   iotools.get_acis_mpe
   iotools.get_acis_station_data
   iotools.get_acis_available_stations

CRN
^^^

A network of ground stations from NOAA.  Irradiance measurements are of

> relatively lower quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lower quality.
```

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/

   iotools.read_crn

Generic data file readers
-------------------------

> Functions for reading local irradiance/weather data files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions for reading irradiance/weather data files.
```
